Hey folks, in 2024, a health
insurance plan was launched which
completely changed the trend of the health insurance industry.
This health insurance
plan can actually be called a revolution.
I am talking about the Elevate plan of ICC Lombard. You must have understood that
everything was unlimited in this plan.
Unlimited time, noise, unlimited restoration,
unlimited cumulated bonus and unlimited claim
options were available in this plan. This
plan could not be compared with any other plan at that time.
However, one or two plans
similar to this plan have been launched in the market. There were
some loopholes in this plan as well. There were some shortcomings in
this plan which ICICI Lombard has now
rectified. So let's talk about the
updated features of ICICI Lombard's Elevate plan. Before starting the video,
one important point: if you have
come to the insurance service for the first time, then
subscribe to the insurance service,
press the bell icon and also you
Please share this video with your friends and relatives
[Music] The
biggest loophole in ICC Lombard's Elevate plan was that you had to take a gap of 45 days
in unlimited restoration for the same person with the same illness, that is,
when the claim for unlimited restoration used to come, after one claim,
if it was the same person with the same illness, then you used to get it
after a gap of 45 days. Now this
loophole has been completely rectified and
removed, that is,
unlimited restoration has now become customer friendly
and practically it seems that it has
value now and it matters.
You can claim for unlimited restoration for the same person with the same illness without any gap in ICC Lombard's Elevate plan.
Another add-on cover has been added to it.
You can avail this policy for four years and five years. Till now, it was available for
year, 2 years and 3 years.  This policy
was available but now you
can also take the policy for 4 years and 5 years. 2
hours of hospitalization will be entertained here. The
minimum hospitalization requirement of this plan
was 24
hours, which has now been reduced. So
these are the main changes that have been made in ICC
Labad's Elevate plan.
If I talk about other features, then let
us see its highlights once. All
other features will remain almost the same as
before. The
option of unlimited time leave
is available here in the Elevate plan.
You will decide when to take the indefinite claim
and there
is also indefinite cover here. With a minimum policy of ₹10 lakh,
you have
100% time leave. Your indefinite leave will increase every year
and will increase for life time. Your
policy of ₹10 lakh will become 2 crore in 20 years
and 4 crore in 40 years.
Now let us talk about it.  As for other
features,
you will get cover for these diseases.
However, this add-on cover is now available in almost all
policies of all leading brands. In
this policy, as
I have already told you that you can claim it for unlimited
transplantation for the same person, same illness
without any gap.
Now in the new policy, this will be an
inbuilt feature.
All the hospitalization
expenses of the aggregator, modern treatment, everything will be covered
up to the time. Ayush treatment,
organ donor expenses, domicile treatment,
road ambulance, everything up to the sum will be covered.
Talking about basic covers, surrogacy
and O-site cover will be inbuilt in it.
Otherwise, if I talk about other plans of ICC Labad, then
this cover is inbuilt in all of them.
Bariatric surgery cover is
given in it. There is a wellness program, there is a
discount. You can get discount on some services through the
iCare app.
Guaranteed [ __ ] bonus, that is,
if we talk about add-on cover,  Here you get an
annual cumulative bonus of 20% which
goes up to a maximum of 100% and is
not reduced in case of a claim. One beauty of this plan is
that this plan has been customized, that is,
this plan has been
designed in such a way that all the maximum add-on covers are
customized. If you feel
that you need any add-on cover, then you can
add it, otherwise you do
not need to pay its premium unnecessarily.
Maximum add-on covers are given as an add-on only,
like
take Infighting Claim, this is also an add-on cover.
Power Booster means that your
100% time cover will increase for your entire life and will increase for life time.
Jump Start:
Take cover for one of the five diseases from 31 days. It will be an
add-on cover. Claim Protector means that all
your consumer goods and
syringes can be covered
with the add-on.
Inflation Protector means that
your time cover will be increased according to inflation.  There will be an
increase in the domestic air ambulance. If you
feel that you live in a geography
where you may need an air ambulance
or if an air ambulance
is easily available there, then only you should add it and pay its
premium. Otherwise,
you do
not need to pay the premium for the air ambulance.
Dependent Accommodation Benefit:
If a dependent is admitted, then some allowance is given per day.
Talking about room modification, here
you are eligible for a single private AC room,
but you have the choice, you
can also change it to any room category and you
can also downgrade to a twin sharing room. If you
downgrade, you will get a discount. If you
upgrade, you will have to pay a little additional
premium. However, my personal
advice to all customers is that a
single private AC room is sufficient because all the
insurance companies
tie up with hospitals for cashless only single private AC rooms.
For higher category rooms, you need to avail
cashless facility.  This facility is not generally available
except in one or two companies. Talking about the next add-on cover,
there is
also an option for compassionate visit. There is a claim of up to ₹2000000. If
someone is hospitalized in another city, then the
benefit of a compassionate visit can be
availed. There is also a maternity benefit in the add-on cover here.
Like
in almost all the plans of IC Lombard,
you can avail the maternity benefit with an add-on.
Here also there is a waiting period of 2 years
and you get a maximum maternity cover of ₹1 lakh.
Nursing at home is an add-on
cover here. You can avail the cover of durable equipment
with an add-on. You
can avail the conveyance benefit. Along with this, the
cover of newborn baby will also be an add-on here. If you get it covered, that is, if you
take an add-on, then only
you will get its cover. Vaccination for
newborn baby is also an add-on cover and annual
health checkup is also an add-on here.
In most of the policies, the first annual health
checkup is covered.  It was built in, and whether you
needed it or not, or if you felt it was
beneficial, you still had to pay
its premium. If you now
feel you need an additional benefit,
add it and pay its premium. There are
some personalized add-ons as well,
like BeFit, where
you can avail some OPD sessions, tele-
consultation, option to reduce maternity
cover, that is, you can reduce the 2-year maternity cover to
1 year, you
can also avail voluntary copayment, by making a copayment,
your premium gets reduced.
Copayment options of 10%, 20% and 30% are
available in this plan. You
can avail a cover of Network Advantage,
there too you get a discount on the premium,
but there you are eligible to get
your treatment done only in some specific network hospitals.
Personal accident cover and critical
illness cover are generally available in all the policies,
this policy also has an add-on.
Along with the cover, you are given one more beauty of this plan,
this is a very beautiful feature, there are
many good discounts given in it,
civil score discount, if your
civil score is very good, you have a
loan, a credit card and you pay its EMI on
time, then your
civil score is very good,
if your civil score is 800 plus, then
you get an instant discount of up to 15% in the premium
and you will get this discount every year,
early renewal discount, if
you renew your policy before 30 days,
then you will get a discount of 2% in
that too, there is a long term
discount for 2 years, 3 years and now
you will get a discount for 4 years and 5 years policy also,
you can also purchase a policy for 5 years in one go, the
entry age is 18 years, there is no limit, a
person of any age can take this plan
and the time limit is from ₹ lakh to ₹ crore,
5 lakh, 75 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh  20
lakh, 25 lakh, 50 lakh, 1 crore, 3 crore and
unlimited time option
is available in this plan. I have already told you the tenure.
Talking about family floater,
this policy will be available for two adults and three children. The
child will be considered till the age of 30 and will be
kept as a part of the floater policy. After turning 31, it will be
split from the policy and a separate policy will be
issued for it. Now let's talk about waiting
periods, the initial will be 30 days only,
as is usual in all policies. The
waiting period for PD here
is 36 months. Except for those five diseases, if
you take its add-on, you will get cover from the 31st day. The
waiting period for specific diseases will remain 24 months. There
is a waiting period of 90 days for critical illness, provided that the critical illness should
not be your pre-existing one.
Bariatric surgery will be covered after 2 years.
Some specific diseases will be covered here.  There will be a
waiting period of 90 days for hypertension and
cardiac disease in the conditions without
any don provided that the person should
not have cardiac disease and hypertension PD.
For maternity also, the waiting period is of 24 months which
can be reduced. This plan has been divided into four zones -
Zone A, Zone B, Zone C and Zone D.
These four zones have been divided according to the city.
Maharashtra Mumbai will come under Zone A,
Navi Mumbai, Gurugram of Haryana,
Karnal, Sonipat. If we
talk about Uttar Pradesh, then Noida, Meerut,
Ghaziabad, Muzaffarnagar, Shamli. If we
talk about Union Territories, then Daman, Dadra, Dadra
Nagar Haveli, Ahmedabad, Surat of Gujarat have been
kept in Zone A. You can see the cities of Zone B
on my screen. You can see the cities of Zone C
on my screen and
you can also see the cities of Zone D on my screen.
Before completing this video, let
me tell you a little about its premium.
Although its premium is the same as before, no
changes have been made, the
same premium which  The
premiums are the same as before and even today. So here,
in the plan for a 40-year-old with two adults to kit in Delhi NCR, I have
removed the room capping.
You can take the room modified category, that is, any room category.
And the power booster, which I recommend to everyone
because the power booster
beats your inflation, you have to add it. The
premium in this plan will be
2756.
So, if I talk about the premium, then this
premium is not very expensive
for a 40-year-old and the way
premiums are increasing in health
insurance, this
premium is comparatively up to the mark.
So, how did you like this plan? Ask
any questions or queries you have related to ICC Labad's Elevate plan.
I will meet
you
in my next video. Till then, Jai Hind,
Jai Bharat.